Here's a list of things we need to do (contributions are welcome and highly
appreciated, please also read Documentation/SubmittingPatches about how to
submit your contributions, items marked with '!' are of high importance):

 0! Improve manpages, extend the documentation and/or write useful howtos.
	@TODO: Jon Schipp, Daniel Borkmann

 1! Highest prio: Cleanup and refactor the code!
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

 3! Test IPv6 on flowtop, curvetun and mausezahn.
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann, Jon Schipp

 4! trafgen: for send() add ping-probe support so that we can do fuzz
    testing and check if the machine is still online.
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

10! Add a proper 802.11 dissector for netsniff-ng.
	@TODO: Markus Amend

13! Easier language (bpf-hla) for /fast/ filtering (e.g. on top of BPF so
    that it can run in the kernel), include this into bpfc (bpfc-hla).
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann, Markus Amend

22! Add different timing models to trafgen, not just a static interpacket gap.
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

48! Hand-include patchset from Sibir Chakraborty:
	- Replay all files from directory (dir as --in paramter)
	- Replay with correct timing information
	- Replay with Gbps / pps rate limit
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

49! Add Gbps / pps rate limit to trafgen
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

32! ifpps: add option for --dev eth0,eth1,eth2 and accumulate stats
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

33! ifpps: calc current throughput, show percentage of linerate
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

50! mausezahn: clean it up add fork + fanout mode(?), remove libpcap
    dependency, let it also store pcap files e.g. on a network filesystem
    of the mausezahn box.
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

51! astraceroute: can we remove whois query and do this locally?
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

52! all tools, but ifpps/bpfc: add option to run a tool as -u user -g group
    resp. --user user --group group so that we can drop to non-root if this
    option is set and the tool was started as root.
	@TODO: Daniel Borkmann

---

 5) Make trafgen also write to a pcap instead to a device.

 6) Let netsniff-ng and trafgen support pcap and pcap-ng!

12) Add new dissectors (e.g. BGP, DNS, DCCP, SCTP, RSVP, IPsec, LISP, RADIUS,
    LLC, fix MPLS?, improve ARP, BPDU, PVST, CDP, LLDP, RTP, Syslog, NTP,
    OpenFlow, ...), add new protocols to mausezahn.

16) Further micro-optimize netsniff-ng, trafgen, mausezahn's performance. Use
    Oprofile for optimize tools!

17) Security review of curvetun.

21) Obfuscate curvetun's protocol to make it hard/resource-intensive for DPIs.

31) astraceroute: implement DNS traceroute with AS/Geo information

34) Are there other interesting (e.g. ethtool) stats for ifpps?

46) QoS for curvetun --> since tundev is qdiscless

47) Add geo-ip information to netsniff-ng output?
